  * Framework documentation: Autogenerated and pythonic
    * Using source code docstrings for developers documentation of API, Framework and Modules.
    * Using separated general-overview information sheet for Developers on Framework and Modules (stored in trytond/doc using [sphinx](http://sphinx.pocoo.org/)).
    * Testscripts for the Framework to proof (and learn) the documented API calls.
    * ~~As a quality circle: SOURCECODE <--proof-- DOCUMENTATION <--proof-- TESTING <--proof-- SOURCECODE~~
      * ~~http://www.pyzine.com/Issue008/Section_Articles/article_Doctests.html~~
      * ~~http://epydoc.sourceforge.net/~~
      * ~~If the circle breaks we have a Bug.~~

  * Unit testing
    * We must test all the chain (client, network protocol, framework, modules), we can use [gtklogger](http://www.ctcms.nist.gov/oof/gtklogger/).
    * For each modules, we use scripts in tests sub-directory using net-rpc.

  * Train and develop the community: From interest, over user, bug/feature reporter, power user, beta-tester up to developer.
    * Explicit error messages and an sophisticated connection from the Bug Message to [roundup](http://bugs.tryton.org/).

  * Users Documentation: Setting the first learning steps as steep as needed, and as plain as possible.
    * The whole documenting system should be in each module in a doc directory (using sphinx) ~~one central place: Media-Wiki~~.
    * No new undocumented modules should be integrated. The leader of a module have to provide a base documentation and test script for the module.
    * To support community we need a release cycle and release steps:
      * ~~unstable: All modules with function stay here.~~
      * ~~testing: All modules with documentation came here in.~~
      * ~~stable: All tested modules by their documentation comes in here. This is the module repository we provide with the stable version of our product.~~
      * We will use branching repositories.
> > > > _Note: Everyone has access to unstable and testing module repository for testing._
    * All modules and client documentation should be in neutral English language.
    * All provided user documentation should follow a minimal form, like the Unix manpages. This Form could be partially auto-generated out of pydoc inside the module...

> > > _**All functions, classes must have a docstring.**_
        * Maybe like this for Modules:
          * ~~Name : Form Name : f.ex. Invoice~~ (in the code)
          * ~~Authors and Contributors: Authors and contribs of the documentation!~~ (in the COPYRIGHT file)
          * ~~Dependings from and to other Modules~~ (in the tryton.py)
          * Workflow : Explain the states of the object
          * ~~Fields: Explain the fields~~ (in the code)
          * Actions: Explain the actions.
          * Reports: Explain the Reports.
          * ~~Error Messages: Show and Explain all Error Messages provided by the Module~~ (in the code)
          * Localized or translated community documentation should be in a subfolder for each language ~~marked as "Other Documentation", one click away from the provided main documentation in the wiki~~.